readme.md, before:

# Drowsiness Detection OpenCV
Project to detect user's eyes for signs of drowsiness and alert user/driver.


## Applications
This can be used by riders who tend to drive for a longer period of time that may lead to accidents


### Requirements
Python 3.6 or higher is needed.


### Dependencies
1) import cv2
2) import immutils
3) import dlib
4) import scipy


### Description
A computer vision system that can automatically detect driver drowsiness in a real-time video stream and then play an alarm if the driver appears to be drowsy.
Currently working on creating a docker image for this program to deal with the needed dependencies


### Algorithm
Each eye is represented by 6 (x, y)-coordinates, starting at the left-corner of the eye (as if you were looking at the person), and then working clockwise around the eye:.

<img src="https://github.com/akshaybahadur21/Drowsiness_Detection/blob/master/eye1.jpg">


### Condition
It checks 20 consecutive frames and if the Eye Aspect ratio is lesst than 0.25, Alert is generated.


#### Relationship
<img src="https://github.com/akshaybahadur21/Drowsiness_Detection/blob/master/eye2.png">


#### Summing up
<img src="https://github.com/akshaybahadur21/Drowsiness_Detection/blob/master/eye3.jpg">
View article referenced for this project [here](https://www.pyimagesearch.com/2017/05/08/drowsiness-detection-opencv/)


### Execution
To run the code
```
python Drowsiness_Detection.py
```

Commit message:

Changes: 1.	Renamed the Drowsiness_Detection file to main.py for easier identification 	and calling. Updated the reference to this inside the README file too.
2.	In the main.py file, the queue for the subject's face has been renamed
	appropriately into face_queue.

3.	In the main.py file, all the other codes that were there for debug were
	cleaned up and the use of the waitKey function I created has been removed.

4.	Fixed up the todo list file and added abit more tasks.

5.	Deleted all the unneccessary image files and others previously used
	inside the README file.

6.	Moved all the static resources and images into the readme_resources
	directory to tidy up the Root dir of the repo.

7.	All the links to the images inside the README file has been fixed to be
	static resources links that points to the resources in the readme_resources.

8.	Moved main.c file and the v1.py file into the rewrites_and_archive
	directory as I no longer actively need them and to tidy up the Root repo

readme.md, after:

# Drowsiness Detection OpenCV
Project to detect user's eyes for signs of drowsiness and alert user/driver.


## Applications
This can be used by riders who tend to drive for a longer period of time that may lead to accidents


### Requirements
Python 3.6 or higher is needed.


### Dependencies
1) import cv2
2) import immutils
3) import dlib
4) import scipy


### Description
A computer vision system that can automatically detect driver drowsiness in a real-time video stream and then play an alarm if the driver appears to be drowsy.
Currently working on creating a docker image for this program to deal with the needed dependencies


### Algorithm
Each eye is represented by 6 (x, y)-coordinates, starting at the left-corner of the eye (as if you were looking at the person), and then working clockwise around the eye:.

<img src="readme_resources/eye1.jpg">


### Condition
It checks 20 consecutive frames and if the Eye Aspect ratio is lesst than 0.25, Alert is generated.


#### Formula for Eye Aspect Ratio
<img src="readme_resources/eye2.png">


#### Usage graph
<img src="readme_resources/eye3.jpg">

View article referenced for this project [here](https://www.pyimagesearch.com/2017/05/08/drowsiness-detection-opencv/)


### Execution
To run the code, assuming python refers to python3
```
python main.py
```
